src/homework.md, before:

- initialize git
- .gitignore
- create a remote repo on github
- push all code to remote origin
- You have to play with routes and route extension ex. /hello / hello/2
- Order of the route matters a lot
- Install Postman app and make a workshop collection -> test API call
- Write Logic to handle GET, POST, PATCH, PUT, DELETE API Calls and test Them on Postman
- Explore Routing and use of ?,+,(),\* in the routes
- Use of Regex in routes /a/ , /.\*fly$/
- How to Readin the Query Params In the route
- Reading the dynamic routes
- Multiple Route Handler - Play with the code
- next()
- next function error along with the code
- What is a MiddleWare why do we need it
- How express js basically handles request behind the scenes
- Difference between app.use and app.all
- Write a dummy auth middleware for admin
- write a dummy auth middleware for user routes except /user/login
- Create a free cluster on mongodb official website(Mongodb Atlas)
- Then install mongoose library
- Connect your application to the database "connection-url"/devTinder
- call the connet db function and connect to database before starting application on 3000
- Create a user Schema and user Model
- Create Post /Signup API to add data to database
- Push some documents using api calls from postman
- Error Handling
- Add the express.json() middleware to the app
- make the signup API dynamic to receive data from the end user
- User.findOne with duplicate emailId which object will be written
- API GET user by email
- API - Feed - get all the users from the database
- Api - Get userbyId (findById)
- API to Update
- API For Delete
- Explore the mongoose Documentation for model apis
- What are options in a model.findOneAndUpdate method, explore more about it
- Explore schema type options from the documentation
- add required unique lowercase min trim minLength
- add default
- add custom validate function for checking the gender
- improve the db schema - Put all required or appropiate validation in schema
- Add timestamps to the user schema
- Add api level validation on patch request and signup post api
- Add api validation for each field (DATA SANITIZATION)
- Install validator
- Explore validator library function and use validator function for password,email
- Never trust req.body
- Validate data in Signup API
- Install bcrypt package
- Create a password hash using bcrypt.hash and save the user with encrypted password
- Create a login api 
- Compare passwords and throw errors if email or password is invalid
- JWT, Cookies,cookie-parser,Auth-middleware

Commit message:

Implementing the cookies and jwt

src/homework.md, after:

- initialize git
- .gitignore
- create a remote repo on github
- push all code to remote origin
- You have to play with routes and route extension ex. /hello / hello/2
- Order of the route matters a lot
- Install Postman app and make a workshop collection -> test API call
- Write Logic to handle GET, POST, PATCH, PUT, DELETE API Calls and test Them on Postman
- Explore Routing and use of ?,+,(),\* in the routes
- Use of Regex in routes /a/ , /.\*fly$/
- How to Readin the Query Params In the route
- Reading the dynamic routes
- Multiple Route Handler - Play with the code
- next()
- next function error along with the code
- What is a MiddleWare why do we need it
- How express js basically handles request behind the scenes
- Difference between app.use and app.all
- Write a dummy auth middleware for admin
- write a dummy auth middleware for user routes except /user/login
- Create a free cluster on mongodb official website(Mongodb Atlas)
- Then install mongoose library
- Connect your application to the database "connection-url"/devTinder
- call the connet db function and connect to database before starting application on 3000
- Create a user Schema and user Model
- Create Post /Signup API to add data to database
- Push some documents using api calls from postman
- Error Handling
- Add the express.json() middleware to the app
- make the signup API dynamic to receive data from the end user
- User.findOne with duplicate emailId which object will be written
- API GET user by email
- API - Feed - get all the users from the database
- Api - Get userbyId (findById)
- API to Update
- API For Delete
- Explore the mongoose Documentation for model apis
- What are options in a model.findOneAndUpdate method, explore more about it
- Explore schema type options from the documentation
- add required unique lowercase min trim minLength
- add default
- add custom validate function for checking the gender
- improve the db schema - Put all required or appropiate validation in schema
- Add timestamps to the user schema
- Add api level validation on patch request and signup post api
- Add api validation for each field (DATA SANITIZATION)
- Install validator
- Explore validator library function and use validator function for password,email
- Never trust req.body
- Validate data in Signup API
- Install bcrypt package
- Create a password hash using bcrypt.hash and save the user with encrypted password
- Create a login api
- Compare passwords and throw errors if email or password is invalid
- JWT, Cookies,cookie-parser,Auth-middleware
- Install cookie-parser
- Just send a dummy cookie to the user
- GET /profile api and check if you get the cookie back
- In login api create a jwt token
- In login api after emaol and password validation create a jwt token and send it to user in cookie
- read the cookie inside your profile api and the logged in user
- Write user auth middleware 
- add the userauth middleware profile api and a new sendConnection
- Set expiry of jwt token and cookies to 7 days
